Exhaust scripts (#96)
Green-Software-Foundation/if-docs: docs/developers/how-to-create-exhaust-script.md

---
sidebar-position: 6
---

# How to create an exhaust script

> The `If` framework provides 2 types of exhaust scripts: [`if-run`](../major-concepts/if.md) for outputting data in `yaml` format and [`if-csv`](../users/how-to-export-csv-file-with-if-csv.md) for outputting data in `csv` format. This guid will help you create your own exhaust script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `If` framework provides 2 types of exhaust scripts: [`if-run`](../major-concepts/if.md) for outputting data in `yaml` format and [`if-csv`](../users/how-to-export-csv-file-with-if-csv.md) for outputting data in `csv` format. This guide will help you create your own exhaust script.
```

> The `If` framework provides 2 types of exhaust scripts: [`if-run`](../major-concepts/if.md) for outputting data in `yaml` format and [`if-csv`](../users/how-to-export-csv-file-with-if-csv.md) for outputting data in `csv` format. This guide will help you create your own exhaust script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `If` framework outputs data in `yaml` format. Any other output formats require a separate script that takes the yaml output data and processes it. We provide [`if-csv`](../users/how-to-export-csv-file-with-if-csv.md) for outputting data in `csv` format bundled with IF.  For any other format, you need to write an exhaust script. 
This guide will help you create your own exhaust script.
```
